This seems to be a really exquisite invitation
Even if you have an invitation
It is also the blessing of Wang Shao
Without Wang Shao
Our neighbors can't get into the exquisite feast either
This neighbor still uses my invitation letter from the Wang family
How can Lin Shishi have an invitation letter when she comes in?
Lin Shishi, how dare you?
You know, fake invitations?
Fake wow
Bring it over
Lin Shishi, let me tell you
What about this exquisite feast?
Only top families will be invited
Will come here to participate
Your neighbor's assets are less than one million
You wouldn't be able to enter this ballroom without me
Say
I don't remember saying hello to the organizers
Did you send an invitation letter to your Lin family?
Lin Shishi, you have to make it clear.
If you can't tell
It's not just you.
Even your Lin family is afraid of becoming famous
This invitation
It was obviously delivered to me by the organizers themselves
How could it be fake?
Are you trying to kill the Lins?
Ah, our Lin family
How did you give birth to a wolf-hearted little shriveled calf?
Son lawyer
You broke off the marriage privately
Found a wild boy to come back and fool us
Forget it.
Today is really rebellious
Get down on your knees, you bastard
From now on
I'm not as wonderful as your daughter.
It's really wonderful.
It's really the opening mouth
Rumor-mongering, treasure legs.
Just by your random guesses there
Rat wake up or fake
If it's true, you can tear it up at will
In a while, people from the four major families will come
Unlucky, I don't know who it is.
What are you still doing?
Do it, I'll see who dares to move
Linglong, who dares to make trouble on your face?